hey guys in today's movie recap we're
going to be fighting blind but nearly
indestructible aliens in a
post-apocalyptic world
[Music]
enjoy
the movie begins with lee the
protagonist of the first film driving
into a store to buy some oranges
while there the news was reporting on
some kind of bomb that went off in china
we cut to lee arriving at a park where
his wife evelyn is pushing their
youngest son beau
on a swing the abbott family are there
to watch a baseball game in which their
eldest son
marcus is playing lee sits next to
reagan his eldest child
and only daughter who's deaf and says hi
to his friend emmett
who is sat behind them with his youngest
son emmett's eldest son bats the ball
and makes a home run
as he runs to the final base the crowd
and emmett are shouting dive
after this emma asked reagan how to say
dive and she signals a diving motion
with her hands in sign language bow and
evelyn wish mark is good luck as he goes
up to bat
marcus misses the first two balls then
is distracted by a large meteor in the
sky
the game stops and everyone starts
heading back to their cars raiken goes
with her dad and evelyn takes the boys
the aliens appear out of nowhere
wreaking havoc attacking the street
and turning people into mincemeat day
474.
the film cuts the moments after the
events of a quiet place one
the abbott family leaves their home
barefoot just before leaving the farm
evelyn tells marcus and reagan to stay
put while she quietly heads back into
the flooded cellar and swims in search
of an oxygen tank for the baby's
soundproof carrier
meanwhile reagan tells marcus she's
going back to the house reagan collects
the amplifier and microphone
we later see reagan spawn a fire in the
distance she makes note of its position
using a map and compass
the family heads out to the origin of
the fire in search of help they walk
along the sandy path lee had created
until they reach the furthest point
and then they quietly step onto the dry
leaves and continue their journey the
family reaches a wired fence with an
opening
as evelyn walks through her bag gets
caught and a small sound is made
she looks behind concerned about the
noise and unknowingly triggers a
tripwire that causes a bundle of bottles
to fall and jangle
evelyn whispers to marcus and reagan run
meanwhile we cut to the perspective of a
gun
that has fixed its sights on the family
to make matters worse
aliens pull up while running marcus gets
caught by a bear trap
which he takes like a champ until he
sees his injured foot and then lets out
a primal scream
evelyn tries to stop him screaming while
reagan uses the amp microphone and a
hearing aid to stun the alien
evelyn shoots the alien in the head as
it struggles against the sound
the family heads inside the nearby
derelict building as they walk around a
corner
a man grabs evelyn he puts his hand on
her mouth and signals an alien is nearby
the man leads the family to a soundproof
fall underground a towel over the latch
of the fall reduces noise and prevents
the latch from locking
once safe he tells the family they can't
stay there isn't enough food or water
evelyn thinks she recognizes the man and
says emmet
to which emmett unmasked his face from
the scarf and baseball cap he'd been
wearing
he reiterates that they can't stay
evelyn asks about emmett's children
and he explains his son died on day one
evelyn asks about lola his wife
he explains lolo died 11 weeks ago she
got sick and they moved down to the
soundproof basement
but the pain became unbearable he could
not silence her screams
i couldn't do enough says emmet evelyn
asks if emmett would see the fires lit
by lee each night
and if he knew it was him emmett says he
did evelyn asked why he didn't come for
them
since they were friends and it explains
that the people left have changed
you don't know do you they're not people
worth saving
reagan goes to her brother who's lying
down resting his mangled angle
reagan gives marcus headphones and plays
radio white noise to him scrolling
through the frequencies
suddenly marcus hears music and
straightens up reagan stops turning the
dial and evelyn rushes over
marcus whispers music and evelyn listens
shocked she turns to emmett who explains
yes
it's just the song across the sea on a
loop that's all it ever does
reagan signs that he is a liar telling
her mom that dad would have heard it he
would have told us
edmond explains that you can't hear that
signal down in the valley which is where
the abbots lived
he and lola only discovered it when they
moved up here in the middle of the night
she wakes marcus and they go to the
soundproof fall to talk reagan works out
that the signal originates from an
island nearby
reagan attempts to convince marcus to
help her find a way to the radio tower
by following railway tracks to the coast
than finding a boat
she wants to get to the station so she
can use the radio to transmit the high
frequency noise her hearing aid produces
in this way anyone can use a radio to
play the high-pitched noise and protect
themselves from the aliens
a significant step towards a better way
of life marcus is very worried and does
not want reagan to go
reagan insists that she has to try
because that's what dad would have done
reagan is forced to venture out on her
own very early in the morning after
marcus threatens to tell mom
she leaves a note on the radio saying
keep listening in the morning after
discovering that reagan is gone
evelyn pleased with emmett to go after
her and bring her back he eventually
agrees when evelyn says that she wishes
leave was here to look him in the eye
and tell him that reagan is exactly the
type of person worth saving
meanwhile reagan comes across a train
station with a derailed train and climbs
aboard the front carriage
there are several dead bodies she needs
a first aid kit and finds her in the
driver's booth but struggles to open the
door
she eventually reaches the box and takes
it out but the skeleton of the dead
driver falls on her causing her to
scream
an alien arrives shortly thereafter and
reagan is trapped struggling to hold the
hearing aid to the microphone in one
hand
and operate the shotgun in the other
luckily emmett arrives and shoots the
creature
they hide in the nearby station office
due to the fear that the noise will have
attracted more aliens
emin explains he is here to take her
home reagan is not happy
and says what home reagan explains her
plan to emmett and says that before
when his wife died there wasn't anything
he could do but now
there is emmett decides to help her
complete the mission back at emmett's
base
evelyn has to leave marcus and the baby
to get supplies medicine for marcus's
foot and more oxygen tanks for the baby
marcus is very scared and doesn't want
her to go evelyn explains his foot will
get worse and she can't lose him too
marcus understands and lets her go she
heads on over to the store
along the way she passes the bridge
where bo died she touches the
photographs on the makeshift shrine they
left and then places her wedding ring on
top of the cross
back at the base after getting the baby
to sleep marcus exits the bunker and
explores the compound for no good reason
whatsoever
the camera cuts to the baby's oxygen
tank the gauge for which
is in the red zone heading upstairs
marcus finds a room covered in drawings
of emmet's sons
behind some curtains separating a
section of the room he finds a
decomposed body of emmett's wife
lola this startles him and he
accidentally knocks a few objects over
alerting a nearby alien to his location
he runs back to the basement grabs the
baby and heads into the vault
he then steps out again to grab the
stopwatch and radio as the alien
encroaches
he's able to get into the vault and
close the door though the towel is not
over the latch and the door locks shut
unbeknownst to marcus by nightfall
eminent reagan reach some docks and look
for a boat that they can take to reach
the island
they find a little girl at the end of
the dock emmett goes up to her and she
suddenly traps him in a noose
several feral people appear and begin to
search regan for supplies
they take her hearing aid and rucksack
full of supplies then begin to lead her
away
emmett signs dive to reagan well that
came in handy
then he wriggles open the netting making
lots of noise in the process and grabs
the man who took reagan's hearing aid
several aliens appear and attacked the
docks killing a number of people
is still holding the man stabbing him in
the leg causing him to scream and
attracting the alien
emmett dives into the water and the
feral man is killed by the alien the
creature hears emmet swimming in the
water and jumps after him
only to drown as it cannot swim a small
boat comes by
and reagan's hand reaches out to him he
climbs aboard and opens his mouth to
reveal reagan's hearing aid
in the corner of the screen we see an
alien stranded on one of the other boats
that has detached from the docks
amidst the chaos back in the bunker
marcus is struggling to breathe
and we see from the watch that he's
running out of time he tries to open the
door
struggling before realizing his mistake
and giving up
he opens the baby carrier to find the
baby screaming with a pained expression
he starts sharing the oxygen with the
baby until he passes out
meanwhile evelyn returns to the compound
with the supplies and here's the
commotion
she tracks the alien over with the
gunshot then tries to blow him up by
shooting one of the oxygen tanks
damn are these things indestructible
fortunately the fire does at least
trigger the sprinklers
the noise of the sprinklers help evelyn
navigate around the alien and return to
the basement she hides inside the bunker
with marcus and the baby as the alien
waits just outside
reagan and emmett approached the island
where they find a colony of people
living normal lives
after the government realized the
creatures could not swim the national
guard had as many people as possible put
on the islands
now here's the bad news an alien ends up
on the island after having been stranded
on a boat following the incident at the
docks
emmett tries to warn everyone but it's
no use it goes absolutely berserk
slicing and dicing as many people as
they can though emmett
reagan and their new friend are able to
lured away in their car they drive off
to the radio station but suffer casualty
upon arrival
reagan and emmit quietly sneak their way
over to the broadcasting room things are
tense but all is surprisingly going well
that is until the damn door squeaks it's
always the squeaky doors
emmett jumps in the way catching a cloth
to the leg his sacrifice wasn't in vain
though
as he is able to buy reagan enough time
to unveil her ultimate superpower
being deaf the now weakened alien is no
match reagan finishes it off with a
satisfying blow to the head
on the other end of things marcus hears
the signal and realizes his sister's
mission was a success
he takes off the headphones and bombards
the creature with the piercing sounds
before blowing its brains out